Add 361 release notes (#8918)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/release/release-361.md

> # Release 361 (XX Aug 2021)

Reviewer: Reminder

## General

* Support table redirection for `INSERT`, `DELETE` and `UPDATE` operations. ({issue}`8683`)

> * Improve performance of {func}`sum` and {func}`avg` aggregations involving `decimal` values. ({issue}`8878`)

Reviewer: Is `involving` good word here? Maybe just replace with `on`?

* Improve performance for queries using `IN` predicate with moderate to large number of constants. ({issue}`8833`)
* Fix failures of specific queries accessing ROW columns with fields requiring a name quoting.  ({issue}`8845`)

## Security

> * Add support for OAuth2/OIDC opaque access tokens. The property `http-server.authentication.oauth2.audience` has 

Reviewer 2: This is not merged yet.

  been removed in favor of using `http-server.authentication.oauth2.client-id` as expected by OIDC. To support 
  audiences which are not the `client-id` the new property `http-server.authentication.oauth2.additional-audiences` 
  has been added. Additionally the new property `http-server.authentication.oauth2.issuer` is required; tokens 
  which are not issued by this URL will be rejected. ({issue}`8641`)

## Cassandra connector

> * Add support for pushdown of `smallint`, `tinyint` and `date` types on partition columns. ({issue}`3763`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add support for predicate pushdown of `smallint`, `tinyint` and `date` types on partition columns. ({issue}`3763`)
```

> * Fix incorrect results for predicates with inequality on clustering key. ({issue}`401`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix incorrect results for queries using inequality predicates on clustering key in `WHERE` clause. ({issue}`401`)
```

## ClickHouse connector

> * Add new configuration property `metadata.cache-maximum-size` to allow limiting the size of the metadata cache. ({issue}`8652`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow limiting the size of the metadata cache via `metadata.cache-maximum-size` configuration property. ({issue}`8652`)
```

Reviewer: If you think new wording is better, apply to other occurrences too.

Author: Yes, much better. Thanks.

> * Fix incorrect results for aggregation functions applied to columns of type VARCHAR and CHAR. ({issue}`7320`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix incorrect results for aggregation functions applied to columns of type `VARCHAR` and `CHAR`. ({issue}`7320`)
```

## Druid connector

* Add new configuration property `metadata.cache-maximum-size` to allow limiting the size of the metadata cache. ({issue}`8652`)

## Hive connector

> * Allow access to `$properties` table for Trino and Hive views. ({issue}`8805`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Expose `<view>$properties` system table for Trino and Hive views. ({issue}`8805`)
```

* Add support for translating Hive views which use `from_utc_timestamp` function. ({issue}`8502`)

> * Improve performance of updating Glue table statistics for partitioned tables. Also change default 
>   Glue statistics read/write parallelism from 1 to 5. ({issue}`8839`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improve performance of updating Glue table statistics for partitioned tables. ({issue}`8839`)
* Change default Glue statistics read/write parallelism from 1 to 5. ({issue}`8839`)
```

> * Improve performance of querying Parquet data. ({issue}`7349`)

Reviewer: Generally? Or can we be more specific?

Author: It's hard to describe without getting into the weeds. It's for parquet files that contain column indexes, when the query has a filter that can be satisfied by the column indexes. Most users would never know that a file has column indexes, though.

* Fix query failure when inserting data into Hive ACID table which was not explicitly bucketed. ({issue}`8899`)

## Iceberg connector

* Support Iceberg table after partition field dropped. ({issue}`8730`)

> * Allow reading from Iceberg tables which specify `write.object-storage.path` storage property.  ({issue}`8573`)

Reviewer 3: nit: Maybe "table property" as `TBLPROPERTIES`. 
```suggestion
* Allow reading from Iceberg tables which specify `write.object-storage.path` table property. ({issue}`8573`)
```

> * Use randomized location when creating a table, so that later table rename and drop does not interfere with 
>   new tables created with the same name. This can be enabled using `iceberg.unique-table-location` configuration property. ({issue}`6063`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow using randomized location when creating a table, so that later table rename and drop does not interfere with 
  new tables created with the same name. This can be enabled using `iceberg.unique-table-location` configuration property. ({issue}`6063`)
```

Author: Why "allow"? Is that something the user or admin controls?

Reviewer: It felt natural wording given fact that it is not enabled by default.

* Return proper query results for queries accessing multiple snapshots of single Iceberg table. ({issue}`8868`)

## MemSQL connector

* Add new configuration property `metadata.cache-maximum-size` to allow limiting the size of the metadata cache. ({issue}`8652`)

## MongoDB connector

* Add {func}`timestamp_objectid`. ({issue}`8824`)
* Enable `mongodb.socket-keep-alive` config property by default. ({issue}`8832`)

## MySQL connector

* Add new configuration property `metadata.cache-maximum-size` to allow limiting the size of the metadata cache. ({issue}`8652`)

> * Fix incorrect results for aggregation functions applied to columns of type VARCHAR and CHAR. ({issue}`7320`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix incorrect results for aggregation functions applied to columns of type `VARCHAR` and `CHAR`. ({issue}`7320`)
```

## Oracle connector

* Add new configuration property `metadata.cache-maximum-size` to allow limiting the size of the metadata cache. ({issue}`8652`)

## Phoenix connector

* Add new configuration property `metadata.cache-maximum-size` to allow limiting the size of the metadata cache. ({issue}`8652`)

## Pinot connector

> * Fix handling of https URLs in `pinot.controller-urls`. ({issue}`8617`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow for https URLs in `pinot.controller-urls`. ({issue}`8617`)
```

> * Fix failures when querying `information_schema.columns` with a table name condition. ({issue}`8307`)

Reviewer 2: Is this better?

```suggestion
* Fix failures when querying `information_schema.columns` with a filter on table name. ({issue}`8307`)
```

## PostgreSQL connector

* Add new configuration property `metadata.cache-maximum-size` to allow limiting the size of the metadata cache. ({issue}`8652`)

> * Fix incorrect results for aggregation functions applied to columns of type VARCHAR and CHAR. ({issue}`7320`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix incorrect results for aggregation functions applied to columns of type `VARCHAR` and `CHAR`. ({issue}`7320`)
```

## Redshift connector

* Add new configuration property `metadata.cache-maximum-size` to allow limiting the size of the metadata cache. ({issue}`8652`)

## SQL Server connector

* Add new configuration property `metadata.cache-maximum-size` to allow limiting the size of the metadata cache. ({issue}`8652`)

> * Fix incorrect results for aggregation functions applied to columns of type VARCHAR and CHAR. ({issue}`7320`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix incorrect results for aggregation functions applied to columns of type `VARCHAR` and `CHAR`. ({issue}`7320`)
```
